It had been more than ten minutes since Starlight had left Trixie's carriage, leaving behind her friend sound asleep and well settled in her bed. Or so she had thought.

Suddenly, Trixie, who until that moment had been in an apparent deep sleep brought on by exhaustion and sweet cider, woke up. Nimble as a rabbit, she threw the covers off her and tossed her stuffed animal aside. Without wasting a second, he checked through the peephole of the door amidst a pressing feeling of insecurity.

There was no one outside. Starlight had gone safely home. It was safe.

"Ahhh hu" Trixie groaned exhaustedly, collapsing heavily in the doorway and creaking all over the carriage.

She was not feeling well.

Trixie had arrived a few days ago from her trip from Babiloponi. Since then, she hadn't heard much about the crisis that had occurred a few weeks earlier at the school. It wasn't until that very night, during the party, that she was able to fully learn about the great disaster that had occurred in and around Ponyville during her absence.

Terror and chaos. Swarms of brain-eating Octopus Orchids crawling free in the gardens and streets of the town. Pony citizens under the mind control of the cephalopods, students cornered in the school, destruction of buildings, burned crops, direct intervention of a princess....

It was too much. Trixie could only drink cider and nod to everything the other teachers and friends were telling her. The crisis had been barely contained with the efforts of the Young Six led by Starlight and ended with the timely intervention of Princess Candace, who was visiting the school of friendship during those dark days.

In the end there were no irreparable losses to lament, apart from property damage and traumatized ponies.

The investigation was still ongoing, and as always, Everfree Forest was the prime suspect for the origin of the plague. Still, there were many unknowns in the air, all accompanied by rumors....

("Days before, they said they had seen those monsters lurking in the swamp.")

("Gosh... I heard that the school's biogarden was full of those pests! How horrible!")

("Some foreigner must have brought them in, those critters aren't from around here.")

Leaving behind the weary facade of naiveté she had maintained during the party and until recently, Trixie sank further to the floor of the carriage. She, unfortunately, knew all too well the truth of what had happened.

"Starlight, I'm sorry... I'm really sorry..... it's all the fault of those duplicitous Eucalyptus grease peddling pushers!" exclaimed Trixie between regretful and furious. There at the bottom of her pride, she covered her face with her hooves imagining the disappointed look on her friend's face if she were there and heard her.

Several months ago...

Trixie was strolling merrily along the outskirts of Ponyville when she accidentally stumbled upon a fair of amazing tools and objects for shows. Led by an eloquent group of camels, innocent Trixie was fascinated by their exotic wares. Trusting the noble words of the salesmen, she spent a good portion of her saved fortune as a student counselor to buy such props that would undoubtedly make her own circus shows bigger and more incredible. Confident in her actions and with the blessing of the fair's owners, Trixie left with a big smile, imagining how happy she would make her friends when she shared her new wonders with them.

Yes, this was the imaginary explanation Trixie kept repeating to herself and would tell anyone else who discovered the truth. Of course, she would never mention that she was at that fair at midnight. Nor would she mention that the supposed fair occurred every moon in a dark, unknown cave within the Everfree Forest. Much less would she say that this was not the first time she had done business with those suspicious looking dealers.

Trixie had only been the victim of a vile deception. That was all.

Among the many clandestine products she had acquired was a rather unusual one: a bunch of Octopus Rose seeds.

The Octopus Rose is an exotic creature that lives in the remote rainforests far south of Equestria. More than just a beautiful and unique pet, they are extremely sensitive and fragile creatures with a very specific diet, making them extremely expensive to breed in captivity. However, such an investment of resources could well be offset by the enormous income that could be earned from these creatures. The white ink of the pink octopus is one of the most expensive and sought after on the market. With multiple scientific as well as magical uses, any product that has any input derived from this ink would multiply its price by up to ten times its original value. It could be said that having a Pink Octopus nest was akin to having a living gold mine.

That being the case, Trixie had not bought the Octopus Pinks out of mere greed. These creatures were also known to produce a very special resin that, if used in fireworks, could increase their durability and luminosity and even make them susceptible to enchantment.

Thinking of the endless possibilities, Trixie had not hesitated to acquire them despite their exorbitant price. That same night, she secretly planted them in the bio-garden of the School of Friendship, this being the only place where she could keep these creatures in good condition. On the sly, she tended and nurtured them in the hope that Starlight would forgive her once they matured and share the proceeds with her.

However, misfortune soon opened her eyes.

The creatures that sprouted from Trixie's secret garden of hopes were not the helpless Octopus Roses, but ferocious Octopus Orchids, dangerous monsters known to parasitize their prey with mental domination, which they then slowly consumed their brains.

Furious at the deception and even more terrified by the monstrous truth, Trixie uprooted the Octopus Orchid garden and transported it to Froggy Bottom Swamp to dispose of it. Thus, by throwing the monsters into the bogs she left the problem solved. Trixie left extremely disappointed, not thinking too much about how nature would deal with those dangerous creatures. In the following days of her trip, the only thing that ever troubled her was how she could recover all the savings she had lost.

What happened next was familiar history.

"Why do these things happen to me, why?!" cried Trixie, pacing the floor as guilt gnawed at her insides....

The sound of a thump was heard from the window. Immediately, Trixie jumped to her feet and looked around in fright.

There was nothing but a branch bumping against the window due to the wind.

Again, Trixie sighed in relief. Then, distractedly, she saw her reflection in one of the mirrors beside her bed.

She looked pathetic. Her entire white mane was in disarray and full of debris from her junk. Her face, which always showed a confident and intriguing expression, now had a tired and fearful expression. Her skin, which used to look with a magnetic blue glow, now looked a sickly gray.

There was no trace of the Great and Powerful Trixie that everyone knew.

"THAT'S ENOUGH!" cried Trixie, regaining the sparkle in her eyes. Working her magic, she grabbed a bottle of water and poured its entire contents over her head. She ran a towel over her fur, a fan and a large comb danced over her mane, then special make-up powders on her face. Under a sparkle of light from her own horn, Trixie, who had kept her eyes closed until that moment, opened them.

The dazzling reflection of the Great and Powerful Trixie returned a proud look.

"Very good dear Trixie, that's much better. What's past is past. Time to think about tomorrow," she said to herself as she picked up a notebook. "There is no time to waste. Our friendship with Starlight could be in jeopardy. It's time for you to focus and think about how to remedy it."

After giving herself that command, Trixie took a seat gracefully on a tiny bench, lit some candles, and began to jot down her thoughts. She didn't care that it would take all night and she wouldn't sleep. She would pay no heed to fatigue or sleep. Once the Great and Powerful Trixie made up her mind to do something, there was nothing in this world that could stop her.

------------------

Was there anything that could stop the Great and Powerful Trixie in this world?

The list of options was long, but among all of them, there were some answers that would hardly cross anyone's mind.

One of those options was that she would be attacked by a horde of pony-zombies in the middle of the night, and that was precisely what was happening.

Under the light of a gloomy moon....

"Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa hauuuuuuuu!" cried Trixie as she galloped desperately through the forest. Behind the unicorn, hordes of pony-zombies possessed by Octopus Orchid were chasing her.

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry!" exclaimed Trixie in sobs as she galloped at full speed.

"TRIXIEE! BRAIN! TRIXIE! BRAIN!" cried the zombies, closing fast.

Soon, Trixie's path began to sink and she came to a ravine where it was no longer possible to continue.

"I didn't mean to! It was an accident! You have to believe me!" begged Trixie, now cornered by the zombies that had her surrounded.

"ALWAYS TRIXIE! ALWAYS NO BRAIN!" a familiar voice was heard among the ranks of zombies. These made way, and from among them emerged a familiar face.

Starlight was advancing toward Trixie, but there was no need to guess what her condition was. A huge cephalopod was waving above her head, as the pony's body spasmed forward. Her frothy drool splashed in all directions, and only her eyes, now swollen and about to bulge out of their sockets, were firmly set on her friend.

It was a frightening sight. Trixie trembled, terrified and unable to look away.

"Starlight ... I..."

"RAASHTTGDFFGFGFG!" the zombified Starlight shouted at her in what was an obvious command for silence.

Trixie closed her eyes in tears, resigned to her fate. She would rather be devoured by the remains of her friend than by any other pony. She thought it was a just punishment as her zombie friend's stinking breath spread across her face and her drool was already splattering all over her.

But something else happened.

Trixie then felt a strange warmth behind her, as if the rays of dawn were hitting her back. She opened her eyes, and all the pony-zombies, including the zombie Starlight, were backing away, frightened by the blinding light that engulfed them head-on. Trixie turned and saw an impressive scene.

There was a mare towering above it all, shrouded in a golden sun-like light, her body a flat silhouette of shadows with a wavy mane, her glowing eyes, revealing the unique magic in her being. There was no trace of evil or threat coming from her, but rather a halo of holiness.

Trixie squinted and saw her more clearly. The mare had a horn and wings, it was clear, she was a worthy alicorn princess.

The mysterious alicorn began to advance towards Trixie with a calm and majestic step, behind her was an enigmatic triangular portal of light.

"Do not be afraid, Trixie Lulamoon. Come with me." said a soft, familiar voice.

"Heh, heh, who, me? Wait, who are you? What are you...?" Trixie couldn't finish her words. At that moment, the light from the triangular portal spread out towards them, and they both disappeared in a rainbow beam.

***

Trixie opened her eyes, hadn't she done that before?

Confused, she looked around. The place she was in was... strange. Everything was foggy. Stellar lights surrounded her, as if she were in a clear glass passageway and outside of it, the cosmos spilled out into the vastness of darkness. In front of her, the large figure of the bright-eyed alicorn watched her without blinking.

"Where am I, what is this place?" asked Trixie in confusion.

"It's a safe place, Trixie. Please come with me," said the mysterious alicorn. Without another word, she turned and began to move forward in the strange hallway.

"Wait..." said Trixie trying to catch up, but as she stood up... she felt dizzy. As if she had just woken up from a heavy dream.

A dream.

"THAT'S IT! THIS IS A DREAM! OF COURSE! HAHAHAHAHA!" Trixie smacked her forehead with a hoof and burst out laughing, finally understanding where she was. She was dreaming, and the alicorn who had brought her there was Princess Luna who had rescued her from a terrible nightmare.

Although.

She didn't remember Princess Luna being so tall... or having that voice....

More importantly... Wasn't Princess Luna retired?

Trixie's thoughts continued to wander as her laughter was replaced by her bewilderment. On the other hand, the mysterious alicorn continued to move forward without turning around, soon her silhouette faded into the shimmering mist that flooded the hallway.

Silence surrounded her.

"WAIT! WAIT! PRINCE MOON!" cried Trixie startled as she realized she had been left behind. She ran down the hallway trying to catch up to her savior. She broke through the fog and suddenly found herself in a slightly different place.

An endless corridor stretched until it was lost to sight. On both sides of the fuzzy walls of the hallway, large white doors would be wide open, in gleaming glass arches.

Startled, Trixie advanced cautiously. But driven by a curiosity hard to control, she poked her head through one of the doors....

"Let every pony's eye see and admire the most magical and exceptional unicorn in all of Equestria, me, the Great and Powerful Trixie!" A tiny Trixie was adorably waving her hooves in the middle of a huge stage. Her audience, a large crowd of adult ponies and children, watched the foal talent show with much amusement. In the farthest reaches of those present was her father, watching his daughter's first performance with admiration.

From the doorway out of time, the gawking adult Trixie watched her past self impress her audience with the infallible rabbit-in-the-hat trick.

"What's going on, I'm here but I'm also there...?" exclaimed Trixie trying to comprehend what she was seeing. Suddenly, guided by a strong feeling, she began to check the other doors.

Just as her instincts had made her notice, that whole hallway was full of doors that showed her a moment from her past.

Her grandiose first performance.

Her memorable first live accident.

Her first trip alone.

Her first encounter with Twilight (she passed over that one and the others that had to do with her).

Her first encounter with Starlight.

"This is weird" Trixie said aloud to herself without losing her trot.

That hallway of nostalgia was puzzling and gave her no clue, there was also no sign of Princess Luna or whoever that mysterious alicorn was, had she taken a wrong turn?

Or did she? 

In her mental effort to understand what was going on, a memory came to her along with an absurd but hopeful idea.

"It's not possible, is it? I could be making a mistake, couldn't I?" exclaimed Trixie nervously, her little heart beginning to pound harder as she hurried back to the beginning of that passage.

Trixie galloped back down the hallway, checking each door and excitedly remembering each special moment in her life. With each door she checked, with each good memory she relived, the little idea that had enlightened her grew stronger, filling her with immense anxiety and excitement.

A long time ago, Starlight had told her of a similar magical situation, of how a humble pony could become something more?

COULD IT BE POSSIBLE THAT FATE WAS FINALLY CATCHING UP WITH HER?!

Trixie had never spoken highly of the alicorn princesses, especially Twilight. Whenever someone brought up the subject, she used to say things like, "She's no big deal," "She's just a pony with wings and a horn," "Any pony can do the same thing with enough magic," etc.

But deep down inside, she wanted to be an alicorn too. Perhaps she was being a bit petty, as there were other ponies who could very well hold that title with greater right, even Starlight, in her eyes, was more deserving of the title of princess than Twilight herself. She didn't feel worthy either, but if the opportunity arose, she wouldn't hesitate to take it.

Soon she spotted the large silhouette of the mysterious alicorn. Forgetting that she was in a dream, without wasting a second, she pounced on her and gave her a big hug.

"I'M READY!" exclaimed Trixie excitedly with sparkling eyes full of excitement caused by her deepest and most honest desire.

The mysterious alicorn didn't answer her. In fact, she didn't pay attention to her in the least. She only watched the inside of one of the doors intently.

A strange reaction. Trixie, startled, immediately recoiled. The warmth of the mysterious alicorn's fur felt very familiar and.... unpleasant? Now that she saw her more closely, she didn't look like Princess Luna, still, she felt as if she had someone in front of her that she already knew, but wasn't able to recognize.

Watching her carefully, she noticed a great nostalgia in the lost look of that alicorn.

Confused, Trixie looked in the same direction...

***

"Are you sure of your decision?" asked Chancellor Neighsay.

"Yes," Starlight replied.

This was the main room of the principal of Friendship School. And in the main seat at the desk indeed sat Principal Starlight with a very stern look befitting the conversation going on.

On the other side was Chancellor Neighsay with a similar expression.

"I can understand that recent unfortunate events changed your earlier response to my proposal, however, I would not wish to fall into misunderstandings with Princess Twilight. A private meeting between the three of us would be a most timely event."

"I can schedule an appointment next week. Setting this matter straight as soon as possible will be very favorable to all."

"I concur," the Chancellor replied with an intriguing smile. Starlight answered him in kind.

Trixie, who was watching the scene, did not understand what was going on. Starlight looked different. Trixie had accompanied her to numerous school reunions in the past and knew how nervous she got at times. However, there was something about her current countenance that made him think something wasn't right.

He didn't look like the confident pony she knew.

"If I may ask, how do you intend to handle the matter of your 'friend'?" the Chancellor asked suddenly.

"Ahem. Leave it to me in my hooves. It won't be a hindrance in the next stage of transition." replied Starlight with uncharacteristic initial awkwardness.

"I understand. I trust that the current ongoing investigation at the school won't find you as a suspect. But if that should happen..."

"You wouldn't dare," Starlight replied for the first time with a frown.

"Criminal acts of this magnitude cannot be hidden Headmistress Starlight, and while I admire your loyalty to your partner, the law is the law," the Chancellor replied with an icy tone.

Starlight sighed looking up at the ceiling, and after a few seconds....

"Well... what do you propose?" she finally replied in surrender.

"Don't worry, it's not anything significant," Chancellor Neighsay replied with a broader smile. "It's just some slight adjustments to next year's curriculum..."

Starlight, who seemed to have guessed the Chancellor's next words, closed her eyes and lowered her head.

***

"HEEEEE!" exclaimed Trixie as she watched the door turn black and disappear from sight. She turned around and discovered that the mysterious alicorn had been responsible for hiding that room with her magic.

"HEY! WHAT WAS THAT! WHAT'S GOING ON! RESPOND!" claimed Trixie indignantly. Having watched her friend being evidently blackmailed by Chancellor Neighsay had put her in a very bad mood. 

"IF YOU DON'T TELL ME WHO YOU ARE AND WHAT 'HOOFFS' ARE GOING ON, I DON'T THINK I'M GOING ANYWHERE!" exclaimed Trixie angrily, sitting down firmly on the floor. She'd had enough of that mystery show.

The mysterious alicorn waved her horn and one of the doors further down the hallway lit up. After a brief purple and lilac glow akin to a light bulb bursting, everything began to darken.

Trixie soon found herself surrounded by darkness, with her only illuminated by the light from her horn.

"THESE KIND OF TRICKS DON'T SCARE ME!" shouted Trixie arrogantly, but unease was beginning to spread within her due to the noticeable silence around her.

A dripping sound was suddenly heard in the hallway. Trixie turned her eyes. The dripping was approaching... no, it was something different, it was... a trot.

***

From the shadows that flooded the black stone passageway, the mature figures of Starlight and Trixie emerged with torches at a quiet, confident trot.

"Seriously, the traps before were so silly. Who puts a glass of milk and bread in the middle of a pedestal?" exclaimed Trixie boredly.

"I don't know, but clearly someone lives here - shouldn't we go back?"

"Does it scare you? Daring Do said this pyramid was safe. The big one is the really dangerous one. uuhhhuuu!" replied Trixie nonchalantly and trying to scare in a childish tone Starlight.

"I'm wise, we're not as young as we used to be, and what you said was that all pyramids were dangerous," rebuked Starlight.

"Well, that we are...but we're not here for that very reason. To relive our youth by living on the edge in defiance of danger," Trixie said with a smile.

Starlight rolled her eyes, but also smiled. Those were Starlight's words before entering that place, and the excitement she felt was the same as Trixie had.

After taking a few more steps, they came to a crossroads. The stone tunnel split into two paths. A large black statue of a dog with a stylized figure stood as a dividing point between the two paths. Holding aloft a golden scale with one of its paws, the effigy of the canine seemed an ominous sign of impending judgment.

The top of the portico of each path was decorated with a symbol. The one on the left was a feather, and the one on the right was a heart.

Starlight's danger instincts kicked in. This was a tipping point they couldn't ignore.

"Trixie, it would be best not to continue, this place is..." said Starlight, with overwhelming seriousness.

"I CHOOSE THE PLUME!" exclaimed Trixie gleefully and, with a reckless gallop, she took off into the darkness of the hallway to the left.

"NO! WAIT! TRIXIE!" cried Starlight in dismay as she began to run after her friend.

They both disappeared into the darkness.

***

Left behind was Trixie, the out-of-time version of her. There was a bitter taste in her mouth, as if she had experienced that situation before, but when?

"Shouldn't I have done that?" she wondered aloud, her expression doubtful.

A voice echoed behind her, breaking the silence of the mysterious place. "You should have chosen the heart," the voice said.

Trixie turned and there stood the mysterious alicorn again, shrouded in a halo of lilac light.

"Friendship allows us to propel our friends to success, but sometimes also to failure..." the mysterious alicorn murmured, her words weighing in the air.

A dripping began to echo in the tunnel, a sound that gradually intensified. Confused, Trixie sharpened her senses to locate the source of that sound, but it didn't seem to emanate from any specific point in the tunnel.

She took a few steps and finally realized where the sound was coming from.

Tears were falling to the floor, one after another.

Trixie was crying. The echoes of her tears echoed throughout the tunnel. Why was she crying? She didn't know.

Then, a sudden realization illuminated her mind.

The stark memory of what had happened in that dark tunnel came rushing into his consciousness. The knowledge of the ominous future poured painfully into her carefree present, a truth she would never have wished to discover.

Trixie realized that, once again, she had made a grave mistake, and this time, Starlight would be the one to pay the price for her actions.

"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" a devilish laugh echoed throughout the tunnel, as if emerging from the depths of the earth.

Trixie stood transfixed, feeling a sulfuric smell fill the atmosphere, as darkness took sinister shapes.

"WHAT A WONDERFUL OFFERING FOR THE DARKNESSES!" continued the volcanic voice that seemed to come from everywhere. Suddenly, the walls of the tunnel were illuminated with a greenish light, similar to the glow of embers in a bonfire.

An evil being loomed in silhouette in the portico of the tunnel to the left. It was a figure full of dreadful malice, a terrifying being that Trixie knew all too well....

"Trixie, don't let fear get the better of you! He has no power here! You must not allow..." the mysterious alicorn tried to advise in a firm voice.

But she was not heard.

Trixie struggled in the embrace of fear, an overwhelming guilt suffocating her.

Her only option was to flee.

***

With tears in her eyes, Trixie rode desperately through the gloomy tunnel, her heart pounding with the fury of a locomotive about to crash. The cursed pyramid seemed to imprison her in its endless nightmare, while malevolent shadows stretched out behind her like tentacles of a sickening greenish glow. The sinister laughter still echoed in every corner, and the ground trembled under the weight of her evil voice. The walls of the tunnel, like ancient specters, began to crack and shadows burst through the crevices like an unhealthy torrent, relentlessly pursuing her.

Despair filled Trixie, and her strength drained with every gallop. But then, like a glimmer of hope amidst the darkness, she spotted a faint light in the distance. It was the way out.

With his last reserve of energy, he rushed toward the saving door. Finally, he emerged to the outside and, with a nimble leap, stepped out of the door's main path. A viscous torrent shot like a broken pipe outward, taking eerie shapes as it went. As it advanced, the liquid seemed to take on a life of its own, spreading across the floor outside like hungry leeches.

Trixie, who could barely breathe, looked up. The midday sky was black as midnight, with unfamiliar stars adorning it and celestial bodies she had never seen before. Looking down, he beheld the desert, now illuminated by fires that stretched out in long rows.

Then the nauseating liquid that had flooded the place stopped, but was followed by an even more terrifying portent.

Guided by an unknown will, the black liquid began to gather at a point on the ground, taking the form of a gigantic shadow egg.

The huge egg-shaped shadow levitated and slowly approached towards Trixie, who was shaking uncontrollably with fear.

"NO ONE CAN ESCAPE FROM THE SHADOW!" bellowed the evil being emerging from the newly formed shadow egg. In its left claw it held a long scimitar, and in its right it held Starlight's unconscious body. "FOR YOUR GREAT KINDNESS, I WILL ALLOW YOU TO WATCH ME CONSUME THIS OFFERING. FEEL YOURSELF FORTUNATE FOR MY MERCY, LITTLE PONY, HAHAHAHAHAHA."

"NO, NOT HER!" cried Trixie, pleading in tears.

But such futile pleas only made the grin of the evil being holding Starlight grow. In a shocking move, it raised its left claw, pointing its scimitar skyward.

"WRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!" it screamed in a squeal of delight.

Trixie, paralyzed with terror, watched in slow motion as the scimitar descended, coming deadly close to her friend's neck.

It was the end.

Then, a burst of light. A bolt of magic struck the evil being's claw, hurting it and forcing it to drop the scimitar. In a matter of seconds, it would have reached Starlight's neck.

The mysterious alicorn appeared above Trixie, her horn glowing brightly, ready to take on the evil being.

"YOU! BLASFEMA!" roared the evil being. "YOU CAN'T CHANGE FATE! IT'S USELESS!"

Tossing aside Starlight's body, the ambassador of darkness began firing green bolts of lightning from its claws at the mysterious alicorn, who responded with bolts of lightning from her own horn. The two soared into the sky, engaged in a fierce battle of magic.

Ignoring the bursts of light exploding around her, Trixie ran towards her friend who had fallen to the ground.

Holding her between her hooves, a grief-stricken Trixie cradled Starlight's unconscious body. Starlight lay pale and cold, with a serene expression on her face.

An even more intense burst of light ripped through the sky. An object fell near Trixie, raising a large cloud of dust. Out of the dust, a silhouette rose, revealing the figure of the mysterious alicorn.

The cloak of mystery that had concealed her until that moment was gone.

"HAAAAAAAAAAAA" cried Trixie with wide eyes, her astonishment mingled with fear at this revelation.

The alicorn limped forward towards Trixie, her purple fur and mane were recognizable, but she had features she had never seen before. The wavy mane she carried, her large size, as well as her golden garb... she was definitely not the same pony he knew.

Princess Twilight Sparkle advanced until she stopped in front of Trixie. She looked visibly hurt.

"Even in a dream, you're so strong..." muttered Twilight, exhausted and staggering, her gaze lost in the horizon.

"Twilight? Wait, what, what, how!" exclaimed Trixie, confused and shocked, unable to understand what was happening.

Twilight turned her gaze back to Trixie, closed her eyes and opened them again. This time, her expression was extremely serious. In a grave and solemn voice, she uttered her next words, "41 moons from now in the future, all must prepare for the coming of the Dark Lord Pit Prompt. When the time comes, you will remember my words and must pass them on to others."

"Hooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo" a shuddering howl echoed throughout the desert. The large shadow egg floating in the sky had grown in size and begun to crack, giant claw-like appendages and antennae emerged from it. A large inverted triangle of orange light dazzled from within, a choking light.

"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA, YES! YES!" up in the sky, the evil being rejoiced at the sight of the monstrous new entity emerging.

Waves of black light began to pulsate from the cracking egg. The pyramids trembled in a dazzling green light with each wave.

Twilight, deeply dismayed, lit her horn and opened a triangular portal of light, the same one through which Trixie had entered at the beginning.

"You must return NOW!" commanded Twilight to Trixie, taking her body with her magic. However, Trixie resisted, clinging to Starlight's limp body, refusing to abandon her friend.

"NOOO, wait, Starlight is..." whimpered Trixie.

A wave of more intense black light erupted from the egg. The pyramids cracked, and their blocks were hurled into the dark sky. Twilight raised a powerful magic shield and resisted the impact of the blast with great effort, keeping Trixie at her side. The triangular portal of light began to crack. Everything around them began to spin as if they were trapped in a vortex of destruction and darkness. At the center of it all, the colossal monster writhed.

A gigantic, whip-like claw of shadows lunged from the eye of catastrophe toward Twilight and Trixie.

At the imminent impact, Twilight wordlessly lowered her barrier, grabbed Trixie with a strong magical grip and threw her into the portal.

"AUUUUUUUU AUUUUUUUU" Trixie plunged into the rainbow portal amidst shrieks of dismay and an exploding world. Behind, the last image of Twilight facing the darkness disappeared in an explosion of brilliant light.

Echoes of the alicorn princess' last words faded into the chaos.

Trixie's consciousness pierced the dream world. The before and after intermingled and collided in her mind. The previous cracks in the triangular portal of light widened and split apart.

The portal collapsed.

Trixie was lost, just a breath away from reaching her destination. Straying, she ended up falling into a time that should not be.

-------------------

"Ouch," whimpered Trixie on the floor. She had fallen from the stool where she had fallen asleep all night.

Upon opening her eyes, it was already morning, probably quite late judging by the sun's slanting rays filtering through the window of her trailer.

Still drowsy, she got up. Had she had any dreams?

She couldn't recall anything, except... octopuses and doors...

"Oh, my head. I shouldn't have drunk so much cider last night," exclaimed Trixie, with a strong hangover. She could stay in bed; it was a holiday, and there really was nothing urgent to do...

Except for the meeting with Starlight in the afternoon.

Trixie, who was about to pour herself a glass of water, froze, letting all the liquid from the jug spill to the floor. The sudden memory of her dream, the only complete fragment still lingering in her head, where Starlight and Chancellor Neighsay met, hit her thoughts head-on.

Had she had a premonition? Had she been visited in her dreams by someone else?

Trixie struggled to recall her dream. There were scattered images of shadows and stars in her memories, but she couldn't piece them together into a larger frame. Soon, her head began to ache from the effort. Frustrated, she took a seat while trying to make sense of the only memories she still had. However, the more she thought about it, the more she was invaded by an inexplicable sense of doom and unhappiness.

Then, suddenly, an idea came to her like an explosion.

"Is Starlight in danger?" she wondered to herself with a weak voice.

With a growing doubt like a supernova within her, Trixie, grabbing her hat and cape, hastily left her trailer propelled by the same force a distressed young mother would have searching for her endangered child.

Trixie had only one thought.

To meet Starlight and confirm that everything was okay.

