The doors of Twilight's castle swung wide open, releasing a radiant light that illuminated the surroundings. Right there, enveloped by the magic of harmony, the Young Six took their first step forward with Ocellus at the head.

"Guys, now all together we're going to..." Ocellus began.

"CRUSH OUR ENEMIES WITH THE POWER OF OUR FRIENDSHIP!" proclaimed Silverstream, interrupting her friend's imminent speech.

"LET'S GO!" responded her companions in unison.

"Wait! ... What? Waaaaaaa!"

Ignoring Ocellus's protests, the Young Six began to levitate. The magic surrounding them contorted and expanded until it took on a new form.

Outside, the turkey-hawks, surprised by the sudden appearance of this group of youngsters, saw a giant creature of light beginning to materialize at the castle doors.

"BUUUURRRRRRRPPPP," a powerful trumpet blast swept through the air.

It was enormous, larger than the now-helpless turkey-hawks. The magic of the Young Six had taken the form of a gigantic...

"ELEPHANT!" the turkey-hawks squawked in panic just as the enormous beast of light charged at them.

"THUMP, THUMP, THUMP, THUMP"

The light elephant advanced with overwhelming force, its huge feet stomping the ground, making the earth tremble. The turkey-hawks, now disorganized and terrified, tried to take flight but were too slow. In a matter of seconds, they were caught and, with a single swing of the trunk, more than half were swept off the ground and sent flying through the air. Those who were not caught stopped trying to fly and started running desperately towards the hill where their other companions were.

In less than a minute, all the turkey-hawks had disappeared from the castle's surroundings. Their retreat had been a true "every bird for itself."

"YESSSS! For Equestria! Way to go! Was that it? They deserved it!" Amidst words of encouragement and optimism, the Young Six celebrated their victory inside the great light elephant.

Everyone was speaking euphorically, except Ocellus, who, though also very excited, remained calm.

"Ahhh, that went pretty well. The castle perimeter is secured, now we just need to rescue Counselor Trixie."

"Do we still have to do that?" questioned Gallus.

"GALLUS!" they all shouted in unison at the griffon.

"Relax, I'm just joking!"

"Well, cut it out, we have to... What the...?!"

Smolder didn't finish her words. She and her companions stopped talking and watched in surprise at the commotion that had arisen on the nearest hill.

Slowly, a shadow began to loom over the hill and continued to grow until it took a clear and defined shape. It was a large black rectangular mass, without divisions and perfectly aligned, advancing towards them. At that distance, one would think it was an unusual moving black forest or a set of wandering haunted barns, but the reality was more surprising than that.

They were turkey-hawks, now marching in battle formation, ready for a counterattack.

"This is a joke, right?" exclaimed Gallus, astonished by this unusual behavior.

Turkey-hawks were known for being gluttonous birds, also very clumsy and silly in most cases. However, the behavior they were now displaying was quite the opposite.

Well-organized, the large platoon of turkey-hawks continued to advance; behind them, two more platoons emerged, covering their flanks. In the sky, fleets of more turkey-hawks began to patrol, circling around the castle.

It was like watching a real army in motion.

"Is it normal for turkey-hawks to be this organized?" asked Sandbar, somewhat uneasy.

"No! They shouldn't be!" responded Ocellus immediately, shocked by what was happening.

"That doesn't matter! If turkey-hawks want war, friends give it to them!" exclaimed Yona, defiantly.

"I agree! What are we waiting for?" Smolder encouraged the rest.

Although the situation had become complicated again, the Young Six's good spirits had not faded. Together they felt they could face anything. Even Ocellus, who had thought up to that moment that things could be resolved differently, put that idea aside.

If fighting was the only solution to protect her friends, then she would embrace it fully.

The great light elephant let out a mighty trumpet and, in an open challenge, charged towards the turkey-hawk army.